This is all is our spaceship! 
Ross128, our heart the 
star Sun это Солн©Э€ у которого есть 
Коль©А. and we moving in our trip all 
the time. it's like a вА₽Пйøн 
engine. barionic engine. great 
starboard. and our lovers:_ 
she became a stargate! when 
she born a child and we 
keep our journey after life 
and our mind is recorded to the 
Yttre_staхон. RymdStation [pÅ svenska]; and 
it's a very interesting 
theorys I find out and first so 
called stargonavt was King Tamar 
from Georgia it's about a ©Книга and 
it's a long story. on ჼOlД Svalbardian 
gamle SvalbardiAჼ'. and you call 
it Sumeruli or Sumerian but it's 
actually the $'imeruli it's a 
finance it from the dollar first 
signe $ [dÅ] and after it's p [₽] 
is from the Ruble and star journey is in a nebula
or ღ₽убЛьЭ€ბი and it's quite complicated  
to learn this wordiguჼal
of languages: like physics,  
like chemistry, Kemi, ღRublia, and 
ჼAurörA b@rჯღaljus [Aurora Borjaljusი] 
it's our [vår vatten bargos] 
and I do some machine which 
will made from light water. and 
keep walking on this direction 
with levitation and teleportation of ÄÅ 
micro particles. at first ... but planet 
needs water, it's most stuff 
water and we need to create 
this gerrätte. and all these 
binar journey it's like a 
music we are like music creatures: 
МО©იКАн²ტ. and my grandfather he was 
a guinecologist and his wife too. I knew she was
from ღRublia or რაშა [ნაშა uз Russia] how  
you say. but I find out
when I journey she was  
from Dannemar©k or bar_dan_ger. and they
unified ჼЭЛrazia. and he made JÅrön = JÅ₽an  
like you say. but
dominant financy  
a Ruble like you say, also like you
see and JÅr and it's heracloglyphs like  
Heracles; it's very interesting
they can't directly send to  
us text but it shows by
huge hysterricål stories  
that what should we keep to do or
I'm sure human gen or my own  
bargen it's possible if
I should lived იn a Japიn  
on a high building skiskrappan, there I 
could create my seismologic gen and I could 
say before of Erdbeben, Earthqueic 
that is going to happen! but it's 
pretty much water runaway and 
I have too much paid friends 
they all are paid for just be 
a friend or to ter relatives: 
ნათესლავები, but they need also updates every
49 years because it happens automatically  
on yttrestation! and we can't
change anything! we just can love  
each other and united ₽ower ...
Aurora is the name 
of this singer.
Aurora Aksens [ახსენებს, аксенебс] like this old 
sumerian or Dimeruli $ime₽uli.
It's like she gave me to remember. 
And I all my life looking for my tvilling her it.
And because we not journey alone. 
Mostly in our family, but with our
lover, with our favourite or partner. 
Partnerinna.
But here is people understood two well  
stages. Because every my cousinnas = barcousinas
are somehow my ex favoritas too. its about  
peast lives. because my grandfather is me
and she [mitt tvilling syskon, schwester] was  
my grandmother. they was in love. and like
a uncles & tantes like ჼinibarsity, ჼuniвæ₽©ity  
университётი. it's about a imunity, იმუნიტეტი,
©iMoneteTTი. and I create it! but I know there  
is too lazy journalistKA, to lazy histeri©ans
or sciensists. that seems they pray to some  
great figures, keep some social 
hel₽, but bar'° bar10 ბარათი, 
[бараты = bara du]. Car like a ©A₽ [ЦАРЬ], so, 
it will be never finnisched! I have go now!